I was a skinny white lad no more than 17
notorious ting shoes for a man if you
have ever seen
but now I am up sewing bird and as far
as I can
this ring is a symbol that you are my
husband this ring is a symbol that you
are my husband I want to give you two a
little something for mother and me just
to bring you a little extra happiness
this is Judy Benjamin that's for the
future not Lord it's hailing
all her life she got everything she ever
wanted and a few things she didn't uh I
did join the army but I joined a
different army I joined the one with the
condos and the private homes no really
not my Jim Ballard I don't care I don't
care what your lousy recruiter told you
Benjamin I'm telling you there is no
other army oh excuse me sir it's green
the only color these comments
come on move it Benjamin I don't want to
see you stop running let's click
personally I think you've gone
temporarily insane that's what we told
everyone I said that you do it had a
collapsing and you ring a mental home
people think I'm in a mental home mmm I
just can't believe it you're in the
ceremony well I know you better I'd show
you my dog cakes
how much better Oh recovery I'll be
falling through the sky
Laurie Cory I am not afraid to die
oh [ __ ] me Oh record I go beyond is
kinda bad Oh record I am not afraid to
die
Laurie I'm a sound I can be fun